Upgrade to K8up v2 (#56)
projectsyn/component-backup-k8up: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/references/parameters.adoc

The parent key for all of the following parameters is `backup_k8up`.

== `majorVersion`

[horizontal]
type:: string
default:: `v2`
values:: `v1`, `v2`

> This parameter controls what major version of K8up should be installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This parameter controls which major version of K8up should be installed.
```

== `crd`

[NOTE]
====

> This parameter is deprecated since `component-backup-k8up` v3.0.0 (which adds K8up v2 support)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This parameter is deprecated starting with `component-backup-k8up` v3.0.0 (which adds K8up v2 support)
```

> Only use this parameter if using K8up v1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only use this parameter if you're deploying K8up v1 with the component.
```
